[DOC] Add doc for finding URL, password, and user in Cloud Profiles (#4352)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/shared/locate-url-pw-user-cloud-profiles.md

---
headless: true
description: Shared file for available profile types.
---

[//]: # 'This file where to locate the username, password, and URL in Cloud Profiles.'
[//]: # 'This shared file is included in these locations:'
[//]: # '/website/docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-applications/profiles/send-profile-data.md'
[//]: #
[//]: #
[//]: # 'If you make changes to this file, verify that the meaning and content are not changed in any place where the file is included.'
[//]: # 'Any links should be fully qualified and not relative: /docs/grafana/ instead of ../grafana/.'

<!-- Locate your stack's URL, user, and password -->

When you configure Alloy or your SDK, you need to provide the URL, user, and password for your Grafana Cloud stack.
This information is located in the **Pyroscope** section of your Grafana Cloud stack.

1. Navigate to your Grafana Cloud stack.
1. Select **Details** next to your stack.

> 1. Locate the **Pyroscope** section and select **Send Profiles**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Locate the **Pyroscope** section and select **Details**.
```
